# Vector Database
Information retrieval is handled in the following stages:
1. Allows loading of multiple pdfs.
2. Documents are chunked, converted to vector embeddings and uploaded to vector database
3. similarity search function that process multiple pdfs, for broad information across documents. top k chunks are retrieved per each available documents and returned.

# Worker Agents
1. Document Retrieval Agent: calls the document retrieval tool that retrieves information from the vector database
for a given query.
2. Writer Agent: obtain retrieved information from the retrieval agent and writes based on it.
3. Verifier Agent: verifies the content of writer agent and returns verified report. 

# Orchestrator Working Mechanism
Memory Handling:
1.For a given session id the memory works like:
The query and its corresponding retrieve information from the documents will be stored
so that the evidence can be used for future similar queries without requiring
retrieving the same information.
2. The 6 recent messages are also stored to assist the agent in handling better followup 
questions.

Orchestrator architecture for coordinating 3 worker agents (Retriever, Writer and Verifier)
In the orchestrator tool schema there are 4 tools defined: 
1. reuse_cached_evidence is the function to be called when there is available evidence relevant
to the query from the memory to prevent retrieving information 
that has already be extracted for prior similar queries. It is a non-agent tool

2. call_retriever_agent is the worker agent to retrieve information from a set of documents based 
on the query.

3. call_writer_agent is the worker agent to write a report/content based on what was retrieved
from the retriever agent.
4. call_verify_agent is the worker agent to verify the claims on the content generated by the writer agent
and returns the final report. 

Depending on the query the orchestrator can reuse stored evidence in the memory if there is relevant
information already stored for it, proceed to write and verify the content or retrieve documents
then write and verify. 


### Code Structure
1. [clients.py](clients.py) -> Where openai and qdrant clients were initialized.
2. [memory.py](memory.py) -> Agent Memory
3. [qdrant_vector_database](qdrant_vector_database.py) -> Vector database
4. [worker_agents](worker_agents.py) -> Worker agents to be coordinated.
5. [orchestrator_agent](orchestrator_agent.py) -> Orchestrator to coordinate worker agents
6. [run_orchestrator](run_orchestrator.py) -> for running the orchestrator

### Run Project
The pdfs are Gemma 3 and DeepSeekV3.2 available in [docs](docs)
```
cd PDFAnalyzer
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
#### run agent
```
python3 run_orchestrator.py
```
### Sample prompts to test agent
```
Prompt 1: Compare DeepSeek-V3.2 and Gemma 3 on tool-use or agentic workflow support.
Follow up samples:
What model will you recommend for agentic use?
What model is multimodal?
================================================
Prompt2: Compare DeepSeek-V3.2 and Gemma 3 on multimodal capability and efficiency-oriented design choices.
Follow up samples:
What is the size of Gemma3?
What model is text only?
================================================
Prompt3: What efficiency or token-usage concern is discussed for DeepSeek-V3.2?

Prompt4: What model sizes are listed for Gemma 3?
What multimodal capabilities are evaluated in Gemma 3?
```
